README.md, before:

# Iceberg Neovim

Lua port of [iceberg.vim](https://github.com/cocopon/iceberg.vim)

![Screenshot](https://github.com/oahlen/assets/raw/main/iceberg.nvim/screenshot.png)

The goal was to make the color scheme as small as possible while being faithful to the original theme.
Most of the original highlight groups have been removed in favor of treesitter and other popular lua based nvim plugins.

All credits go to Hiroki Kokubun [cocopon](https://github.com/cocopon) for creating the awesome theme in the first place!

## Features

* Small, fast and simple
* No configuration
* [lualine](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim) theme
* Includes light and dark variants

Specific highlights for:

* [nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
* [telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
* [nvim tree](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-tree.lua)
* [leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
* [indent blankline](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)

## Development

The repository contains a Nix Flake for setting up a development environment with [huey](https://github.com/oahlen/huey)
available. With a flake enabled nix installation enter the environment like this:

```bash
nix develop
```

Then generate the lua color scheme like so:

```bash
huey iceberg.toml .
huey iceberg-light.toml .
```

Commit message:

feat: dim popup menu colors for better readability
Decrease brightness of Pmenu and related UI elements by adjusting HSL values
and corresponding highlight groups. This creates a more subtle appearance
for popup menus, floating windows, and diagnostics panels while maintaining
consistency with the overall theme.

README.md, after:

# Changes from original
This is a personalized fork of oahlen's lua port of [iceberg.vim](https://github.com/cocopon/iceberg.vim).

Change(s) from original:
- Pmenu and related colors are dimmed

# Iceberg Neovim

Lua port of [iceberg.vim](https://github.com/cocopon/iceberg.vim)

![Screenshot](https://github.com/oahlen/assets/raw/main/iceberg.nvim/screenshot.png)

The goal was to make the color scheme as small as possible while being faithful to the original theme.
Most of the original highlight groups have been removed in favor of treesitter and other popular lua based nvim plugins.

All credits go to Hiroki Kokubun [cocopon](https://github.com/cocopon) for creating the awesome theme in the first place!

## Features

* Small, fast and simple
* No configuration
* [lualine](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim) theme
* Includes light and dark variants

Specific highlights for:

* [nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp)
* [telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
* [nvim tree](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-tree.lua)
* [leap.nvim](https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim)
* [indent blankline](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)

## Development

The repository contains a Nix Flake for setting up a development environment with [huey](https://github.com/oahlen/huey)
available. With a flake enabled nix installation enter the environment like this:

```bash
nix develop
```

Then generate the lua color scheme like so:

```bash
huey iceberg.toml .
huey iceberg-light.toml .
```
